Document Gradient Clipping during Manual Optimization (#16023)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/model/manual_optimization.rst

            opt.step()
            opt.zero_grad()

Gradient Clipping
=================

You can clip optimizer gradients during manual optimization similar to passing ``gradient_clip_val`` and
``gradient_clip_algorithm`` argument in :ref:`Trainer <trainer>` during automatic optimization.
To perform gradient clipping with one optimizer with manual optimization, you can do as such.

.. testcode:: python

>     def __init__(self, gradient_clip_val=0.5, gradient_clip_algorithm="norm"):

Reviewer: can we add class for the syntax

Author: Updated it.

            opt.step()
            opt.zero_grad()

Gradient Clipping
=================

> You can clip optimizer gradients during manual optimization similar to passing ``gradient_clip_val`` and
> ``gradient_clip_algorithm`` argument in :ref:`Trainer <trainer>` during automatic optimization.
> To perform gradient clipping with one optimizer with manual optimization, you can do as such.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can clip optimizer gradients during manual optimization similar to passing the ``gradient_clip_val`` and
``gradient_clip_algorithm`` argument in :ref:`Trainer <trainer>` during automatic optimization.
To perform gradient clipping with one optimizer with manual optimization, you can do as such.
```

.. testcode:: python

    from pytorch_lightning import LightningModule

    class SimpleModel(LightningModule):
        def __init__(self, gradient_clip_val=0.5, gradient_clip_algorithm="norm"):
            super().__init__()
            self.automatic_optimization = False
            self.gradient_clip_val = gradient_clip_val
            self.gradient_clip_algorithm = gradient_clip_algorithm

        def training_step(self, batch, batch_idx):
            opt = self.optimizers()

            # compute loss
            loss = self.compute_loss(batch)

            opt.zero_grad()

>             self.manual_backward(loss)
>             # clip gradients
>             self.clip_gradients(opt, self.gradient_clip_val, self.gradient_clip_algorithm)
>             opt.step()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            self.manual_backward(loss)
            
            # clip gradients
            self.clip_gradients(opt, self.gradient_clip_val, self.gradient_clip_algorithm)
            
            opt.step()
```

I'm suggesting a bit of spacing to highlight the line we showcase

.. warning::

>    * Note that overriding/implementing ``configure_gradient_clipping()`` in the case of Manual Optimization will not perform gradient clipping / will be ignored. Instead consider using ``self.gradient_clipping()`` manually like the example above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Note that ``configure_gradient_clipping()`` won't be called in Manual Optimization. Instead consider using ``self. clip_gradients()`` manually like in the example above.
```

            opt.step()
            opt.zero_grad()

Gradient Clipping
=================

You can clip optimizer gradients during manual optimization similar to passing the ``gradient_clip_val`` and
``gradient_clip_algorithm`` argument in :ref:`Trainer <trainer>` during automatic optimization.
To perform gradient clipping with one optimizer with manual optimization, you can do as such.

.. testcode:: python

    from pytorch_lightning import LightningModule

    class SimpleModel(LightningModule):
        def __init__(self, gradient_clip_val=0.5, gradient_clip_algorithm="norm"):
            super().__init__()
            self.automatic_optimization = False
            self.gradient_clip_val = gradient_clip_val
            self.gradient_clip_algorithm = gradient_clip_algorithm

        def training_step(self, batch, batch_idx):
            opt = self.optimizers()

            # compute loss
            loss = self.compute_loss(batch)

            opt.zero_grad()
            self.manual_backward(loss)

            # clip gradients

>             self.clip_gradients(opt, self.gradient_clip_val, self.gradient_clip_algorithm)

Reviewer 3: I would suggest simplifying the example by avoiding the instance attributes, which should make it a bit easier to read. Also including the keyword names for clarity

```suggestion
            self.clip_gradients(opt, gradient_clip_val=0.5, gradient_clip_algorithm="norm")
```

Same comment for the other files.

Author: Updated it in both files.
